Add Installation Flags to Telemetry (#5586)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/overview/product-telemetry.md

- **EgressMTLSPolicies** Number of EgressMTLS policies.
- **OIDCPolicies** Number of OIDC policies.
- **WAFPolicies** Number of WAF policies.

> - **GlobalConfiguration** Represents the use of a GlobalConfiguration resource.[
> - **AppProtectVersion** The AppProtect version]()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **GlobalConfiguration** Represents the use of a GlobalConfiguration resource.
- **AppProtectVersion** The AppProtect version
```

Those brackets look to be here by mistake

- **GlobalConfiguration** Represents the use of a GlobalConfiguration resource.
- **AppProtectVersion** The AppProtect version
- **IsPlus** Represents whether NGINX is Plus or OSS

> - **InstallationFlags* List of flags managed by NGINX Ingress Controller 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **InstallationFlags* List of command line arguments configured for the NGINX Ingress Controller 
```
What do you think about this description instead?
